DC-641 Update Custom VCC API docs (#194)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/reference/customVcc/withkojiCustomVccSdk.adoc

=== Using custom controls

> To make a custom control accessible to Koji app, you must serve it at a custom domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a custom control accessible to other Koji apps, you must serve it at a custom domain.
```

Author: Fixed.
